Fix XLEN configuration parameter uses and detect future misuses of it (#3333)
openhwgroup/cva6: sanitize/README.md

# Conform

> This directory provid multiples script to apply format and sanitize rules on this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory provides multiple scripts to apply format and sanitize rules on this project.
```

You can execute all sanitize rules by executing `make`.

> Or execute separatly with `make verilog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or execute separately with `make verilog`.
```
